feat(auth): Added implementation for custom auth (#2589)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/auth/fragments/native_common/signin_with_custom_flow/common.md

> The Auth category can be configured to perform custom authentication flow setup by developer. The following guide shows how to setup a passwordless authentication flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Auth category can be configured to perform a custom authentication flow defined by you. The following guide shows how to setup a simple passwordless authentication flow.
```

The Auth category can be configured to perform custom authentication flow setup by developer. The following guide shows how to setup a passwordless authentication flow.

## Prerequisites

<inline-fragment platform="ios" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/ios/getting_started/10_preReq.md"></inline-fragment>

## Configure Auth Category

<inline-fragment platform="ios" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_with_custom_flow/10_cli_setup.md"></inline-fragment>

## Register a user

The CLI flow as mentioned above requires a username and a valid email id as parameters to register a user. Invoke the following api to initiate a sign up flow.

<inline-fragment platform="ios" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_with_custom_flow/20_signup.md"></inline-fragment>

The next step in the sign up flow is to confirm the user. A confirmation code will be sent to the email id provided during sign up. Enter the confirmation code received via email in the `confirmSignUp` call.

<inline-fragment platform="ios" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_with_custom_flow/30_confirmSignup.md"></inline-fragment>

You will know the sign up flow is complete if you see the following in your console window:

```console

> Confirm signUp succeeded

Reviewer: Is this valid for all platforms? We might need to move it into just iOS until we get snippets for Android & JS

Author: Moved to iOS

```

## Sign in a user

Implement a UI to get the username from the user. After the user enters the username you can start the sign in flow by calling the following method:

<inline-fragment platform="ios" src="~/lib/auth/fragments/ios/signin_with_custom_flow/40_signin.md"></inline-fragment>

> Since this is a custom authentication flow with a challenge, the result of the signin process has a next step `.confirmSignInWithCustomChallenge`. Implement a UI to allow the user to enter the custom challenge.

Reviewer: that enum spelling (`.confirmSignInWithCustomChallenge `) is iOS-specific

Author: Moved to iOS
